Improve API 4.0 documentation (#2812)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/securing_api.rst

Securing the Wazuh API
======================

The communication between the Wazuh UI and the Wazuh API is encrypted with HTTPS, which means if the users do not provide their own private key and certificate then Wazuh API will generate its own during the first run. Additionally, ``wazuh`` and ``wazuh-wui`` users are created by default having ``wazuh`` as their password. Because of that, it is very important to secure Wazuh API once it has been installed.

.. warning::
  It is highly recommended to change the default passwords and to use your own certificate since the one created by the Wazuh API is self-signed.

Recommended changes to securize Wazuh API
-----------------------------------------

#. Modify HTTPS parameters:

>     The Wazuh API has HTTPS enabled by default. In case there is no available certificate in ``WAZUH_PATH/api/configuration/ssl`` Wazuh API will generate the private key and a self-signed certificate. If that was the case, the following lines will appear in ``WAZUH_PATH/logs/api.log``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Wazuh API has HTTPS enabled by default. In case there is no available certificate in ``WAZUH_PATH/api/configuration/ssl``, the Wazuh API will generate the private key and a self-signed certificate. If that is the case, the following lines will appear in ``WAZUH_PATH/logs/api.log``:
```

#. Change the default host and port:

>     The *host* is set to ``0.0.0.0`` by default, which means Wazuh API will accept any incoming connection. It is possible to restrict this by modifying the API configuration in ``WAZUH_PATH/api/configuration/api.yaml``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The *host* is set to ``0.0.0.0`` by default, which means Wazuh API will accept any incoming connection. It is possible to restrict it editting the API configuration in ``WAZUH_PATH/api/configuration/api.yaml``:
```

Reviewer: Add a link to API config endpoint
